# Package `rgb_led` {#rgb_led}

<move-here src='#rgb_led-autogenerated'/>

This package contains classes to either directly control the LEDs or
to play a predefined pattern on the LEDs for a given amount of time.

## Class RGB_LED

This class can be used to directly control the LEDs.

## `pattern_node`

The pattern node is a ROS node that provides a service to play a predefined
pattern.

### Example

On a duckiebot run `roscore` in one terminal. Then start the `pattern_node` by running:

    rosrun rgb_led pattern_node.py

You can now use one of the two services provided by the `pattern_node` to either
get a list of available patterns:

    rosservice call /LEDPatternNode/list_patterns

Or play a pattern:

    rosservice call /LEDPatternNode/play_pattern "pattern_name: 'fancy1' duration: 5.0"


### Defining a new Pattern

Patterns are subclasses of the  `rgb_led.patterns.pattern.Pattern` class. Create
a new subclass in the `rgb_led/patterns` folder that implements the
`get_identifier()` and `get_configuration(time)` methods from parent class.
The `get_identifier()` class should return a (unique) string that is used
to identify the pattern. This string is used in the service call as the
`pattern_name` parameter. The `get_configuration(time)` method should
return the LED configuration for the given time. I.e. a dictionary
containing colors for the LEDs. The dictionary only needs to contain the
entries for the LEDs that should be turned on. All LEDs for which there
is no value in the dictionary are turned off.

For easier state based pattern creation there exists also the class
`rgb_led.patterns.sequence_pattern.SequencePattern`. When subclassing this class
you can override the `get_sequence()` method to provide a sequence of
states. This class allows you to create pattern by just defining a sequence
of states with durations. (E.g. Front right LED on for 0.5 seconds than Back
left LED on for 1.0 second ect.) Have a look at
`rgb_led.patterns.blinking.Blinking` to get a better idea.


