


<div id='makefiles-autogenerated' markdown='1'>


## Makefile help {#makefiles-help}


### Statistics

These provide statistics about the data and the configuration.

- `make stats-easy_node`:  Prints summary of declared nots using the EasyNode frameworks.
- `make stats-easy_logs`:  Prints summary of available logs.
- `make stats-easy_algo`:  Prints summary of available algorithms.




### Testing

These commands run the unit tests.

- `make test-all`:              Run all the tests.

- `make test-circle`:           The tests to run in continuous integration. .
- `make test-catkin_tests`:     Run the ROS tests.
- `make test-anti_instagram`:   Run the `anti_instagram` tests.
- `make test-comptests`:        Run the `comptests` tests.
- `make test-comptests-clean`:        Run the `comptests` tests.
- `make test-comptests-collect-junit`: Collects the JUnit results.
- `make test-download-logs`: Downloads the logs needed for the tests.




### Building commands

Commands to build the software.

- `make build-catkin`              :  Runs `catkin_make`.
- `make build-catkin-parallel`     :  Runs `catkin_make`, with 4 threads.
- `make build-catkin-parallel-max` :  Runs `catkin_make`, with many threads.

- `make build-machines`            :  Builds the machines file.
- `make build-machines-clean`      :  Removes the machines file.

- `make build-clean`               :  Clean everything.




### Docker commands

For using Docker images

- `make docker-build`:    Creates the image.
- `make docker-upload`:   Uploads the image.
- `make docker-clean`:    Removes all local images.




### Automated files generation

Generation of documentation

- `make generate-all`:              Generates everything.
- `make generate-help`:             Generates help.
- `make generate-easy_node`:        Generates the easy node documentation.
- `make generate-easy_node-clean`:  Cleans the generated files.




### Demos

These are simple demos

TODO: to write



### Hardware tests

To perform hardware tests:

- `make hw-test-camera`     :       Testing Camera HW by taking a picture (smile!).
- `make hw-test-kinematics  :       Testing kinematics calibration
- `make hw-test-turn-right`:        Calibration right turn
- `make hw-test-turn-left`:         Calibrating left turn
- `make hw-test-turn-forward`:      Calibrating forward turn




### Maintenance

A couple of utilities for robot maintenance.

- `make maintenance-fix-time`:     Fixes the time.
- `make  maintenance-clean-pyc`:    Removes pyc files.




### Open house demos

These were the open house demos.

TODO: to write



</div>


